fix(admin): fix admin api /tags/:tag return empty object instead of an empty array (#11213)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix an issue where `/schemas/plugins/validate` endpoint fails to validate valid plugin configuration
  when the key of `custom_fields_by_lua` contains dot character(s).
  [#11091](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/11091)

> - Fix an issue that the `data` of Admin API `/tags/:tag` response becomes empty object when no data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue with the `/tags/:tag` Admin API returning a JSON object (`{}`) instead of an array (`[]`) for empty data sets.
```
